Now, we are onto the last topic in our user experience for Web3,
and I think this is the most important topic.
Affordance, this might be an unfamiliar term if you haven't been a designer,
a front end designer.
Essentially, it is the ability to create things that are
so intuitive that it does not require the user to think.
The example up on the screen here is of a mug.
It doesn't take much for people to figure out how to use a mug,
you just pick it up, and you go;
the handle is very intuitive.
So that's an affordance.
So what you have to think about as you're designing your Dapp,
and you think about all the other nine things we've talked about.
But overall, you put them all together and think about the affordance of your app.
The key takeaway is four words: don't make me think.
If you can build a Dapp in such a way that the user does not have to think,
it's very clear to them what's going to happen next,
what they just did,
and what their actions are going to create.
It really creates a kind of joy and
a user experience that people will like using your Dapp for.
So as you're building your Dapp,
whether it's the smart contract or the front end or the APIs, etc.,
remember that affordance is the key goal you want to achieve,
and it is not going to happen if you just
delegate that to the front end designer because ultimately,
especially in blockchain apps,
you have to design in that both at the smart contract level and at the API level.
As an example, consider how would the affordance related to communicating
event information work if the smart contract does not have the events being emitted?
So that's a very simple way to think about it.
So it requires all the parties involved that all the layers of the app
to work together to really think
about what is the affordance we're building into this for the user.
At what point are we subjecting the user to
a cognitive load that makes the Dapp not friendly,
not interesting, not something they want to keep using.
So you want to go through those views.
You want to go through those tasks and make sure that your app has a stellar affordance.
All right. Let's take another quiz.
What single technique can greatly increase the user experience of your Dapp?
A, provide help text or icons as much as possible; B,
Have how-to videos in the UI for important tasks; C,
use a third party UI framework that has been optimized for usability;
or D, don't make the user think.
Yes, the answer is don't make the user think.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6